hey guys what is up safe is back on the
channel doing my first video and forever
for those who you know me for those who
don't know me yeah it might be the first
time you're visiting the channel but I
haven't done videos and ages graduate
college and got into a big boy job so
I've been quite busy but we have these
new years packs it's actually only seven
thirty eastern time in the States over
here in Florida but since they release
everything at UK time we have the back
and it's 2000 fifa points or a hundred
thousand coins so we're going to go
ahead and test our luck and see what we
can get we have just enough fifa points
so we're gonna use the fifa points and
without further ado let's jump right in
come on jumbo pack really hoping to get
something nice here perhaps an in-form
that might fit nicely into my team of
hedge row or DeMaria a village of
village oh boy what a disappointing pack
so guys I just spent two thousand three
points and you see my pack here oh look
at duplicate Puyol who cares um that's
miserable so thanks EA I hope EA watches
this I know they won't under they don't
care but I'll definitely have to go on
their twitter or something and say
something about how amazing this pack is
oh my goodness I can't even believe it
alright guys so yeah I'm back haven't
done a video in ages like i said but i'm
back and i'm starting to do videos again
so if you enjoyed not this pack
obviously no one enjoyed this pack but
if you enjoyed the video and you'd like
to see some more pack openings maybe
some squad builders i got a pretty beast
team that i like to play with as well
i'd like to see that stuff just go ahead
and smash that like button and go ahead
and subscribe and maybe we'll get some
some giveaways or some things like that
of that nature you can check out my my
channel from my pifa 13 ultimate team
stuff and you can see some of the stuff
i did back then i'll probably be
continuing some of that stuff so you can
definitely check that out guys i'll
leave a like if you enjoyed and hit that
subscribe button
as always I will see you guys later